Mom, I'm here.
You are this son-in-law, right?
I'm Xiaoyan's mother
It's also your mother-in-law
Your total
Oops mom oops
And breakfast?
Mom, this is what I prepared for him
It's okay, let's eat it first and have a look.
Or son-in-law?
Thoughtful mother-in-law, by the way
What's your name?
What's your last name? I see you, why do you look so familiar?
Well, he called it unnecessary.
You've never seen this before.
Isn't there something wrong with your company?
You go to work first
Why did the mother-in-law come and have something to do with the company?
Going soon
You, explain it to me now solemnly
So how did you two meet?
Enough to get a license to live together
Don't click, I won't talk about you two